hey everybody so this is my first review
a lot of product I'm not usually into
that kind of stuff but after going to
Anime Expo this weekend I found
something really cool that I had to
share with everybody and that is called
being necomimi brain wave cat ears
it is pretty self-explanatory it is a
pair of cat ears from the company you're
aware that uses technology from your sky
where you use your brain waves to
control the movement of the cat ears so
if you're happy sad mad it's gonna show
up in the ears no I didn't know that
they really selling them at a X at first
but I saw one person wearing it and I
thought maybe they were just a faded
tester so then a ton of more people
showed up with those ears so I looked
around this is a hole sure enough they
had a clue that they were selling them
for $800 which my eye at is feel because
I've heard at other conventions they are
selling them for 149
99 so $100 for technology like this is
pretty hard to want to nothing so here
it is comes with two detachable ears and
I believe the reason why they are
detachable because they are coming out
with newest styles such as we have there
you have the color black available I
know they got some tiger prints and I
also here they're coming out with dog
ears and devil horns so what if you buy
this whole thing is one they'll be able
to give you the opportunity to buy other
styles so I'll show you how to do this
there's a strap on here which I would
recommend wearing if you're going out
with friends that way you don't risk it
falling and breaking but you're just
lounging around at home I would take it
off because it does have a detachable
strap
and if you have dark hair or long hair
it actually makes it pretty easy to
conceal now this here this is a sensor
that you would put on your head and you
want to put directly on the skin and not
on the hair otherwise it might mess up
so you can cover that up though and then
it also has a clip that also has sensors
on it that you're going to put on your
left ear so you don't even see the B but
you know if you don't have any bangs or
anything oh wow what are you gonna do
and this is the first generation of the
new Mayer so I'm pretty sure that
eventually they'll find something where
I have a small compact or stuff where it
won't show but beggars can't be choosers
and I really want it so here's the pause
button is on this side now this when
it's on twitching like this and made
this calibrating so I might have to
adjust it because it's it can be little
picky because so see now I'm calm
if well here's this for directions
um if it's drooping like really slow it
means you're at the highest point of
relaxation and if it's moving move up
and down like this it means that I'm
home I'm also kind of focused and if it
just automatically shoots up like this
it means I'm alert and see I'm alert
every time I look at struggling for
camera and if it starts wiggling like
back and forth back and forth and these
that it's
high interest or I'm really excited
about something
now my first thought is like I tried
looking in a mirror because I want to
really concentrate on each feeling see
but I don't think that's such a good
idea
I think you should just well think I'm
all excited to talk about this I think
that you should just go along a day as
you would don't focus too much on this
and the ears are going to move the way
you're actually feeling so when I'm
browsing on the internet or reading a
book they'll actually go down the thing
is is the longer you have this on the
movements that you hear you'll know how
they're moving so if someone's calling
me the automatic is perkupp so like I'm
focused it's exciting if you're excited
of course we're going to start wheeling
back and forth so like almost every time
I've been talking about this they just
already start whittling for quite a
while so like I said it's $100 I think
it's worth it the only problem I think I
have is it does take four triple-a
batteries if what I've heard it does not
last that long maybe about four or five
hours and when it starts blinking that
means that the back has already left
luckily for me I have a ton of batteries
to dispose of but some people aren't
always lucky so hopefully they'll come
out with a new model where
longer-lasting battery or even a
chargeable battery so you're not
releasing so many of the ones you buy at
the store so this is pretty much it is
the necomimi cat ears if you want to buy
it just go to neckla me calm as NEC om i
and i don't have a link to where you can
go to the store and buy it if you just
want to check it out go on the website
they have some videos and i'll show you
how it works i think it's worth it so
thanks everybody for watching